Hey it's Bruno here again.
Hope you had a good weekend.
Listen we want some of our robo friends users to have a better experience with our Robur friends up.
Could you take a look at the code and see how we can improve it.
Also over the weekend I heard about this thing called progressive Web apps.
Can we by any chance turn our robo friends up into a progressive Web app.
I heard it's going to be pretty big.
I heard he can even make though app work offline.
Cool thanks.
Hey sweet sweater by the way oh boy.
Here's another task for us.
We need to see how we might want to improve our performance for our robo friends app and then finally
turn it into a progressive Web app.
We're going to use the knowledge from the previous sections to build upon this knowledge by using react
and redux again.
It's all you inside the section.
Let's get dork.